Some applications, e.g. traders models, in addition to have
homogeneous (or indistinguishable/interchangeable) inputs, 
may also be nondeterministic, meaning that repeated runs
on the same input values give different results due to 
the stochastic nature of the simulation.

The test problem is an agent-based model for equity market
with 50 traders. The model output in this case is the time 
it takes for the price to stabilize after some major news
(the settle time). The fundamental traders all use the same 
trading algorithm. However, each trader has his own expected 
fair value for the stock, and he/she initiates a trade based 
on his own evaluation of the fairness of the offered price. 
The expected fair values are drawn randomly from a uniform 
distribution.  The model parameter for this scenario is the 
lot sizes, which are different for each trader. The data set 
is given in the file sam50k.psu. The 50k sample points have 
a replication of 1000, meaning there are only 50 unique 
sample points, and the 1000 outputs for each unique sample 
points are different due to the stochastic nature of the 
simulations.

So, the exercises are:

1. Find a good response surface for output MEAN of this
   problem. You can use any response surface type, but
   since it is relatively high dimensional, we will use
   the homogeneous response surfaces, namely,

   (The model is homogeneous because the model gives the 
    same output - albeit the stochasticity - even if the 
    inputs are re-ordered.)

   - homogeneous regression
   - homogeneous Kriging
   - homogeneous GP

Step 1: compute averages for unique samples

   - load sam50k.psu
   - use rm_dup and select AVERAGE for compression

Step 2: now use rscheck and choose the 3 possible 
        homogeneous response surfaces to compare
        (for homogeneous regression, try 2nd order
        or 3rd order)

2. Find a good response surface for output std dev of 
   this problem. You can use any response surface type, 
   but again, use the homogeneous version is better.

A. Use kde2 to estimate the standard deviations

   - load sam50k.psu
   - call kde2 and specify replications=1000
   - you will now get a sample kde2_results which
     you can load using read_std and run response
     surface check on output 2.

B. Use rm_dup and select the STD DEV option.

   - load sam50k.psu
   - run rm_dup and select std dev option 
   - after compression, you can write the compressed
     sample to a file, or run rscheck 

3. Use quantile method:
  
   * compute quantile output values at probabilities
     0.05, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, and 0.95. You now have
     5 values, and you can use response surface methods
     for each quantile.

   i.   load sam50k.psu
   ii.  use rm_dup and specify option 6 to generate quantiles
        - say lower and upper probabilities are 0.05 and 0.95
        - say 5 quantiles at 0.05, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75 and 0.95
        NOTE: at the end a file called matlab_quantiles.m will 
              be created for plotting individual distribution 
              of each of the 50 points.
   iii. now you have 250 sample points (50 x 5 quantiles), you
        can use the quantile GP method to do response surface
        check
        NOTE: Make sure the number of groups is division by 
              5 and DO NOT use randomization
 
